Based on the six collaborative behaviors, which action do you think would help your team move forward successfully ?

	Give feedback to Natasha that her competitive behavior was hurtful and not helpful and have a conversation with her about ways to move forward.

	Keep working on your suggestion even if other team members are not being collaborative and present your idea to the team lead.

	Request your team lead to transfer you to another team.

	X Keep your feelings to yourself and help with the third proposal.

	------------------ -

	What approach should Pooja use to share her feedback with Ravi ?

	She should share her concerns with Ravi and explain why she's asking for revisions.

	X She should request Neha (another team member) to make these revisions. Neha has some free time, and she's worked on a similar app. She should be able to easily make these revisions.

	She should share that it might look like she's overly concerned about unimportant details, but that's okay. She's doing this so they can push the product out and meet the deadline.

	X She should say that she doesn't want to compromise on quality and upset the client. She should push Ravi to stick to the client - specified guidelines.

	----------------
	Based on the six collaborative behaviors, which action might seem like a solution, but could be dangerous as your team moves through the Forming stage ?

	Encourage Karina to be authentic and communicate her feelings, in a supportive fashion, to the team lead.

	X Work with Karina to exchange appropriate sections of each other's assignments.

	Communicate to the team lead that you're unhappy with your assignment but will be a team player.

	Accept your work assignment this time, but decide that next time you're given an unfavorable assignment, you'll let the lead know.
	---------------------- -

	Which one promotes collaborative teamwork ?

	Deepak must let the project manager know that the client appreciated the work he did.

	-------------------- -
	What should Juan do in this situation ?

		Juan should manage his schedule in a way that it's possible for him to make time to work on Anthony's request.

		Juan should request another developer to prepare the estimate, which he can send to Anthony.

		Juan should inform Anthony immediately that he will be unable to share his input.

		X Juan should keep his promise and prioritize Anthony's request over his current work.

		------------------------
		What feedback would be least helpful for Mario?


		He should speed up his speech so that participants, for whom English is not a first language, can understand him better.


		---------------------
		Based on the six collaborative behaviors, which action do you think would help your team move forward successfully?

		Make sure your team lead knows you can be relied on because you are completing your work in a timely manner and it is of high quality.

		Share the lead's feedback with the team so that team members can take corrective actions.

		Offer to work with the lead to look into the project schedule and goals, and volunteer to help move things forward where they are slipping.

		Ask the team lead to change tasks for those members who are struggling with work.
			--------------
